Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, you go there.
No, lots of fish products.
Okay, now to do this, going to need to go back to obviously good.
And then the provider dietary and then the products.
Okay.
And now we can then use control and be know that's a big this way.
Now to do this, we are going to need to get rid of all this data we have.
Okay.
Tense here.
Right.
So we can just use contra and C to copy and then backspace to delete it.
Okay.
And not just going to from others.
Not to fetch this product over here.
You're going to need to create a function.
Okay.
This is gonna take some time, so it's going to be a future.
And we can see Floyd and we can call this function fetch.
Her Murdoch's.
Her.
Okay.
It's going to take a year since it's going to take some time.
Now we can then see our weights.
And the first step is to go into this product for the right liberties for that that has access to overhaul
our documents been stored or we have all our products are being stored.
What awaits Firebase ready out of it in the calls fi firebase tour guides collection.
There's going to be.
Products.
Right.
Okay.
Now, all you have to say is Dot's gets there is going to be saying dot duck rides because we are not
fetching just a single document, but we want to have access to all the documents.
So I just wanna say, get Dan Dodds Dan.
Okay.
Now, you can just use this to break this down and had a semicolon over there.
Now what is value we're going to pass in a rebel known us so we not really know that you can call this
anything.
I call my products snap shots and it is a type of query snapshots.
You're about to do something about document snapshots.
When you went fetch in just a detail or just a document is going to be known as document snapshot.
But when fetching more than one document or more than one detail.
It is known as query snapshots.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next step is to look over.
Each document we have.
Okay.
So we'll just have to do is to call that verbal.
You can't first of all, you can see this variable has a container that has access to all our documents.
Right.
Okay.
So it has access to all those two products.
So what we can then say is we can look over each item.
And for now, we just have two documents or two item or two products.
Okay.
So we can say products.
Snapshots dart docs dots for each.
For each element that is for each her dots.
Then we can just break this down.
They're able to say We're going to call this empty products.
For now.
It is empty, right.
We're going to have to do this list.
So if call it per dots.
Then Dodds in SAS.
Okay.
Once we start to that's.
This is what is zero.
And what is that?
The production model writes a production model.
You can see the hazardous fields.
I think we're going to need to have silica along.
And.
Okay.
Now for the ID, I think you've seen this before.
There's going to be element, this element whereby we are looping element dots gets like the field is
you can just copy it and make sure you don't make any mistake as well.
There's going to be an element.
The.
That gets.
It is going to be tighter.
You can just copy to make sure you don't make any mistake.
Okay.
Can just copy.
It's going to be elements.
That gets okay.
As well for the price is going to be element.
That gets the kid sinking in the knee so you can see what is trying to say is undefined.
Then this is not going to work because because it is a double.
So what we can do is we are going to need to say double.
Dance class.
And.
Yeah, you pronounce it.
And cries.
And as well, there's going to be double doors.
Sorry.
It's going to be elements.
To get an image email and copy this.
Elements.
It gets okay and based.
Okay.
For now, we can just see quantities to begin to sort it out later.
Now you understand what we're basically doing, right?
If you do understand, you can let me know what you are simply doing.
As we first of all have access to we all of that product has tried.
That is the products and there are similar ones against it.
And then why we are sent or then want to look over each.
Documents on Huawei's products rights and then where sibling sibling had any to this empty list we have.
Okay.
This is basically how the first product from your database.
Now you've learned how to fetch a single document and now you're learning how to fetch multiple documents.
It is basically it.
Okay.
So in gymnastics, here you go, a little nuts.
We are going to call this functional goldfish for dogs.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in investiture.